{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green180\blue29;
\red180\green36\blue25;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\csgray\c100000;\cssrgb\c20238\c73898\c14947;
\cssrgb\c76409\c21698\c12524;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \cb3 \CocoaLigature0 Hamids-MacBook-Pro:~ home$ vagrant up\
Bringing machine 'default' up with 'virtualbox' provider...\

\f1\b ==> default: Importing base box 'ubuntu/xenial64'...
\f0\b0 \

\f1\b ==> default: Matching MAC address for NAT networking...
\f0\b0 \

\f1\b ==> default: Checking if box 'ubuntu/xenial64' is up to date...
\f0\b0 \

\f1\b ==> default: Setting the name of the VM: home_default_1502378949347_26122
\f0\b0 \

\f1\b ==> default: Clearing any previously set network interfaces...
\f0\b0 \

\f1\b ==> default: Preparing network interfaces based on configuration...
\f0\b0 \
    default: Adapter 1: nat\

\f1\b ==> default: Forwarding ports...
\f0\b0 \
    default: 22 (guest) => 2222 (host) (adapter 1)\

\f1\b ==> default: Running 'pre-boot' VM customizations...
\f0\b0 \

\f1\b ==> default: Booting VM...
\f0\b0 \

\f1\b ==> default: Waiting for machine to boot. This may take a few minutes...
\f0\b0 \
    default: SSH address: 127.0.0.1:2222\
    default: SSH username: ubuntu\
    default: SSH auth method: password\
    default: Warning: Remote connection disconnect. Retrying...\
    default: Warning: Connection reset. Retrying...\
    default: Warning: Remote connection disconnect. Retrying...\
    default: Warning: Connection reset. Retrying...\
    default: Warning: Remote connection disconnect. Retrying...\
    default: Warning: Connection reset. Retrying...\
    default: Warning: Remote connection disconnect. Retrying...\
    default: Warning: Connection reset. Retrying...\
    default: Warning: Remote connection disconnect. Retrying...\
    default: Warning: Connection reset. Retrying...\
    default: Warning: Remote connection disconnect. Retrying...\
    default: Warning: Connection reset. Retrying...\
    default: Warning: Remote connection disconnect. Retrying...\
    default: Warning: Connection reset. Retrying...\
    default: Warning: Remote connection disconnect. Retrying...\
    default: \
    default: Inserting generated public key within guest...\
    default: Removing insecure key from the guest if it's present...\
    default: Key inserted! Disconnecting and reconnecting using new SSH key...\

\f1\b ==> default: Machine booted and ready!
\f0\b0 \

\f1\b ==> default: Checking for guest additions in VM...
\f0\b0 \
    default: The guest additions on this VM do not match the installed version of\
    default: VirtualBox! In most cases this is fine, but in rare cases it can\
    default: prevent things such as shared folders from working properly. If you see\
    default: shared folder errors, please make sure the guest additions within the\
    default: virtual machine match the version of VirtualBox you have installed on\
    default: your host and reload your VM.\
    default: \
    default: Guest Additions Version: 5.0.40\
    default: VirtualBox Version: 5.1\

\f1\b ==> default: Mounting shared folders...
\f0\b0 \
    default: /vagrant => /Users/home\

\f1\b ==> default: Running provisioner: shell...
\f0\b0 \
    default: Running: inline script\

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: \'93installing Apache2\'94
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:1 http://security.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial-security InRelease [102 kB]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Hit:2 http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial InRelease
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:3 http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial-updates InRelease [102 kB]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:4 http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial-backports InRelease [102 kB]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:5 http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial/main Sources [868 kB]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:6 http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial/restricted Sources [4,808 B]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:7 http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial/universe Sources [7,728 kB]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:8 http://security.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial-security/main Sources [85.8 kB]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:9 http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial/multiverse Sources [179 kB]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:10 http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial-updates/main Sources [267 kB]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:11 http://security.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial-security/restricted Sources [2,604 B]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:12 http://security.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial-security/universe Sources [37.8 kB]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:13 http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial-updates/restricted Sources [3,012 B]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:14 http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial-updates/universe Sources [167 kB]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:15 http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial-updates/multiverse Sources [7,232 B]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:16 http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial-updates/main amd64 Packages [608 kB]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:17 http://security.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial-security/multiverse Sources [1,144 B]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:18 http://security.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial-security/main amd64 Packages [334 kB]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:19 http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial-updates/main Translation-en [245 kB]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:20 http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial-updates/universe amd64 Packages [512 kB]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:21 http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial-updates/universe Translation-en [200 kB]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:22 http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial-updates/multiverse amd64 Packages [15.5 kB]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:23 http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial-backports/main Sources [3,312 B]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:24 http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial-backports/universe Sources [4,404 B]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:25 http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial-backports/main amd64 Packages [4,684 B]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:26 http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial-backports/universe amd64 Packages [5,800 B]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:27 http://security.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial-security/main Translation-en [141 kB]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:28 http://security.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial-security/universe amd64 Packages [152 kB]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:29 http://security.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial-security/universe Translation-en [78.2 kB]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:30 http://security.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial-security/multiverse amd64 Packages [2,752 B]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Fetched 12.0 MB in 10s (1,109 kB/s)
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Reading package lists...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Reading package lists...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Building dependency tree...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: 
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Reading state information...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: The following additional packages will be installed:
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default:   apache2-bin apache2-data apache2-utils libapr1 libaprutil1
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default:   libaprutil1-dbd-sqlite3 libaprutil1-ldap liblua5.1-0 ssl-cert
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Suggested packages:
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default:   www-browser apache2-doc apache2-suexec-pristine | apache2-suexec-custom
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default:   openssl-blacklist
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: The following NEW packages will be installed:
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default:   apache2 apache2-bin apache2-data apache2-utils libapr1 libaprutil1
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default:   libaprutil1-dbd-sqlite3 libaprutil1-ldap liblua5.1-0 ssl-cert
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: 0 upgraded, 10 newly installed, 0 to remove and 0 not upgraded.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Need to get 1,557 kB of archives.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: After this operation, 6,432 kB of additional disk space will be used.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:1 http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial/main amd64 libapr1 amd64 1.5.2-3 [86.0 kB]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:2 http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial/main amd64 libaprutil1 amd64 1.5.4-1build1 [77.1 kB]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:3 http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial/main amd64 libaprutil1-dbd-sqlite3 amd64 1.5.4-1build1 [10.6 kB]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:4 http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial/main amd64 libaprutil1-ldap amd64 1.5.4-1build1 [8,720 B]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:5 http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial/main amd64 liblua5.1-0 amd64 5.1.5-8ubuntu1 [102 kB]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:6 http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial-updates/main amd64 apache2-bin amd64 2.4.18-2ubuntu3.4 [925 kB]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:7 http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial-updates/main amd64 apache2-utils amd64 2.4.18-2ubuntu3.4 [82.0 kB]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:8 http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial-updates/main amd64 apache2-data all 2.4.18-2ubuntu3.4 [161 kB]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:9 http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial-updates/main amd64 apache2 amd64 2.4.18-2ubuntu3.4 [86.8 kB]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Get:10 http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial/main amd64 ssl-cert all 1.0.37 [16.9 kB]
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf5 ==> default: dpkg-preconfigure: unable to re-open stdin: No such file or directory
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Fetched 1,557 kB in 6s (258 kB/s)
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Selecting previously unselected package libapr1:amd64.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: (Reading database ... 
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: (Reading database ... 5%
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: (Reading database ... 10%
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: (Reading database ... 15%
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: (Reading database ... 20%
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: (Reading database ... 25%
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: (Reading database ... 30%
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: (Reading database ... 35%
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: (Reading database ... 40%
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: (Reading database ... 45%
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: (Reading database ... 50%
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: (Reading database ... 55%
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: (Reading database ... 60%
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: (Reading database ... 65%
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: (Reading database ... 70%
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: (Reading database ... 75%
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: (Reading database ... 80%
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: (Reading database ... 85%
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: (Reading database ... 90%
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: (Reading database ... 95%
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: (Reading database ... 100%
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: (Reading database ... 
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: 53902 files and directories currently installed.)
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Preparing to unpack .../libapr1_1.5.2-3_amd64.deb ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Unpacking libapr1:amd64 (1.5.2-3) ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Selecting previously unselected package libaprutil1:amd64.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Preparing to unpack .../libaprutil1_1.5.4-1build1_amd64.deb ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Unpacking libaprutil1:amd64 (1.5.4-1build1) ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Selecting previously unselected package libaprutil1-dbd-sqlite3:amd64.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Preparing to unpack .../libaprutil1-dbd-sqlite3_1.5.4-1build1_amd64.deb ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Unpacking libaprutil1-dbd-sqlite3:amd64 (1.5.4-1build1) ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Selecting previously unselected package libaprutil1-ldap:amd64.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Preparing to unpack .../libaprutil1-ldap_1.5.4-1build1_amd64.deb ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Unpacking libaprutil1-ldap:amd64 (1.5.4-1build1) ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Selecting previously unselected package liblua5.1-0:amd64.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Preparing to unpack .../liblua5.1-0_5.1.5-8ubuntu1_amd64.deb ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Unpacking liblua5.1-0:amd64 (5.1.5-8ubuntu1) ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Selecting previously unselected package apache2-bin.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Preparing to unpack .../apache2-bin_2.4.18-2ubuntu3.4_amd64.deb ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Unpacking apache2-bin (2.4.18-2ubuntu3.4) ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Selecting previously unselected package apache2-utils.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Preparing to unpack .../apache2-utils_2.4.18-2ubuntu3.4_amd64.deb ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Unpacking apache2-utils (2.4.18-2ubuntu3.4) ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Selecting previously unselected package apache2-data.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Preparing to unpack .../apache2-data_2.4.18-2ubuntu3.4_all.deb ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Unpacking apache2-data (2.4.18-2ubuntu3.4) ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Selecting previously unselected package apache2.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Preparing to unpack .../apache2_2.4.18-2ubuntu3.4_amd64.deb ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Unpacking apache2 (2.4.18-2ubuntu3.4) ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Selecting previously unselected package ssl-cert.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Preparing to unpack .../ssl-cert_1.0.37_all.deb ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Unpacking ssl-cert (1.0.37) ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Processing triggers for libc-bin (2.23-0ubuntu9) ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Processing triggers for man-db (2.7.5-1) ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Processing triggers for systemd (229-4ubuntu19) ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Processing triggers for ureadahead (0.100.0-19) ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Processing triggers for ufw (0.35-0ubuntu2) ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Setting up libapr1:amd64 (1.5.2-3) ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Setting up libaprutil1:amd64 (1.5.4-1build1) ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Setting up libaprutil1-dbd-sqlite3:amd64 (1.5.4-1build1) ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Setting up libaprutil1-ldap:amd64 (1.5.4-1build1) ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Setting up liblua5.1-0:amd64 (5.1.5-8ubuntu1) ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Setting up apache2-bin (2.4.18-2ubuntu3.4) ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Setting up apache2-utils (2.4.18-2ubuntu3.4) ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Setting up apache2-data (2.4.18-2ubuntu3.4) ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Setting up apache2 (2.4.18-2ubuntu3.4) ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Enabling module mpm_event.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Enabling module authz_core.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Enabling module authz_host.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Enabling module authn_core.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Enabling module auth_basic.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Enabling module access_compat.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Enabling module authn_file.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Enabling module authz_user.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Enabling module alias.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Enabling module dir.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Enabling module autoindex.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Enabling module env.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Enabling module mime.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Enabling module negotiation.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Enabling module setenvif.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Enabling module filter.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Enabling module deflate.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Enabling module status.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Enabling conf charset.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Enabling conf localized-error-pages.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Enabling conf other-vhosts-access-log.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Enabling conf security.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Enabling conf serve-cgi-bin.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Enabling site 000-default.
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Setting up ssl-cert (1.0.37) ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Processing triggers for libc-bin (2.23-0ubuntu9) ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Processing triggers for systemd (229-4ubuntu19) ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Processing triggers for ureadahead (0.100.0-19) ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Processing triggers for ufw (0.35-0ubuntu2) ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: \'93installing Git\'94
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: \'93installing MySQL\'94
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf5 ==> default: dpkg-preconfigure: unable to re-open stdin: No such file or directory
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Hit:1 http://security.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial-security InRelease
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Hit:2 http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial InRelease
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Hit:3 http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial-updates InRelease
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Hit:4 http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial-backports InRelease
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Reading package lists...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf5 ==> default: dpkg-preconfigure: unable to re-open stdin: No such file or directory
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: \'93git\'85 Installed\'94
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: \'93mysql\'85 Not Installed!\'94
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: \'93apache\'85 Installed\'94
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Adding user `pythian' ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Adding new group `pythian' (1001) ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Adding new user `pythian' (1001) with group `pythian' ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Creating home directory `/home/pythian' ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf4 ==> default: Copying files from `/etc/skel' ...
\f0\b0 \cf2 \

\f1\b \cf5 ==> default: Cloning into 'opt/code'...}